Update notification guide callbacks vs notifiers (#2510)
astronomer/docs: learn/error-notifications-in-airflow.md

Airflow has a few options for notifying you on the status of your DAGs and tasks:

- **Email notifications**: Most Airflow operators have parameters for setting email alerts in case of a task failure or retry. Use email alerts in production pipelines where task failures or retries need immediate attention by a data professional. 
- **Airflow callbacks**: Callback parameters (`*_callback`) exist both at the task and at the DAG level. You can pass any callable or [Airflow notifier](#notifiers) to these parameters, and Airflow will run them in the case of specific events, such as a task failure. Airflow callbacks offer a lot of flexibility to execute any code based on the state of a task or DAG. They are often used to define actions for specific instances of task failures or successes.

> - **Airflow notifiers**: Notifiers are custom classes for Airflow callbacks that can be easily reused and standardized. Provider packages can ship pre-built notifiers like the [SlackNotifier](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-slack/7.3.1/_api/airflow/providers/slack/notifications/slack/index.html). Notifiers can be provided to callback parameters to define which task or DAG state should cause them to be executed. A common use case for notifiers is standardizing actions for task failures across several Airflow instances.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Airflow notifiers**: Notifiers are custom classes for Airflow callbacks that can be easily reused and standardized. Provider packages can ship pre-built notifiers like the [SlackNotifier](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-slack/stable/_api/airflow/providers/slack/notifications/slack/index.html). Notifiers can be provided to callback parameters to define which task or DAG state should cause them to be executed. A common use case for notifiers is standardizing actions for task failures across several Airflow instances.
```

Most notifications can be set at the level of both a DAG and a task. Setting a parameter within a DAG's `default_args` dictionary will apply it to all tasks in the DAG. You can see examples of this in the [set DAG and task-level callbacks](#set-dag-and-task-level-callbacks) section.

## Choose a notification type

It's best practice to use pre-built solutions whenever possible. This approach makes your DAGs more robust by reducing custom code and standardizing notifications across different Airflow environments.

If you want to deliver alerts to email, use [email notifications](#email-notifications) for task failures or retries and the [SmtpNotifier](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-smtp/stable/_api/airflow/providers/smtp/notifications/smtp/index.html) for other events such as successful task runs. To receive alerts for tasks taking longer than expected, use [SLAs](#airflow-service-level-agreements).

> If a [notifier class]((#notifiers) exists for your use case, you should always use it instead of a custom callback. See the Airflow documentation for [an up-to-date list of available Notifiers](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers/core-extensions/notifications.html). A notifier can be provided to any callback parameter (`*callback`). Only use custom [Airflow callbacks](#airflow-callbacks) when no notifier is available for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a [notifier class](#notifiers) exists for your use case, you should always use it instead of a custom callback. See the Airflow documentation for [an up-to-date list of available Notifiers](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers/core-extensions/notifications.html). A notifier can be provided to any callback parameter (`*callback`). Only use custom [Airflow callbacks](#airflow-callbacks) when no notifier is available for your use case.
```

Airflow has a few options for notifying you on the status of your DAGs and tasks:

- **Email notifications**: Most Airflow operators have parameters for setting email alerts in case of a task failure or retry. Use email alerts in production pipelines where task failures or retries need immediate attention by a data professional. 
- **Airflow callbacks**: Callback parameters (`*_callback`) exist both at the task and at the DAG level. You can pass any callable or [Airflow notifier](#notifiers) to these parameters, and Airflow will run them in the case of specific events, such as a task failure. Airflow callbacks offer a lot of flexibility to execute any code based on the state of a task or DAG. They are often used to define actions for specific instances of task failures or successes.

> - **Airflow notifiers**: Notifiers are custom classes to use as an Airflow callback that can be easily reused and standardized. Provider packages can ship pre-built notifiers like the [SlackNotifier](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-slack/7.3.1/_api/airflow/providers/slack/notifications/slack/index.html). Notifiers can be provided to callback parameters to define which task or DAG state should cause them to be executed. A common use case for notifiers is standardizing actions for task failures across several Airflow instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Airflow notifiers**: Notifiers are custom classes for Airflow callbacks that can be easily reused and standardized. Provider packages can ship pre-built notifiers like the [SlackNotifier](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-slack/7.3.1/_api/airflow/providers/slack/notifications/slack/index.html). Notifiers can be provided to callback parameters to define which task or DAG state should cause them to be executed. A common use case for notifiers is standardizing actions for task failures across several Airflow instances.
```
Lmk if the updated wording carries a specific technical meaning, otherwise I thought the original wording was a little more clear

- **Airflow service-level agreements (SLAs)**: SLAs define the expected time it takes for a specific task to complete. If an SLA is missed, the callable or notifier provided to the `sla_miss_callback` parameter is executed. If you configure an SMTP connection, an email will be sent as well. Since an SLA miss does not stop a task from running, this type of notification is used when intervention is needed if a specific task is taking longer than expected.

Most notifications can be set at the level of both a DAG and a task. Setting a parameter within a DAG's `default_args` dictionary will apply it to all tasks in the DAG. You can see examples of this in the [set DAG and task-level callbacks](#set-dag-and-task-level-callbacks) section.

> ## Choosing a notification type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Choose a notification type
```

You can provide any Python callable to the `*_callback` parameters. As of Airflow 2.6, you can also use [notifiers](#notifiers) for your callbacks, and you can provide several callback items to the same callback parameter in a list.

### Notifiers

> Airflow 2.6 added [notifiers](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/notifications.html), which are pre-built or custom classes and can be used to standardize and modularize the functions you use to send notifications. Notifiers get passed to the relevant `*_callback` parameter of your DAG depending on what event you want to trigger the notification.

Author: ```suggestion
Airflow 2.6 added [notifiers](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/notifications.html), which are pre-built or custom classes and can be used to standardize and modularize the functions you use to send notifications. Notifiers can be passed to the relevant `*_callback` parameter of your DAG depending on what event you want to trigger the notification.
```

    groupId="notifiers"
    values={[
        {label: 'TaskFlow API', value: 'taskflow'},
        {label: 'Traditional syntax', value: 'traditional'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="taskflow">

```python
@task(
    on_failure_callback=MyNotifier(message="Hello failed!"),
)
def t1():
    return "hello"
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="traditional">

```python
def say_hello():
    return "hello"

t1 = PythonOperator(
    task_id="t1",
    python_callable=say_hello,
    on_failure_callback=MyNotifier(message="Hello failed!"),
)
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Example pre-built notifier: Slack

An example of a community provided pre-built notifier is the [SlackNotifier](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-slack/latest/_api/airflow/providers/slack/notifications/slack_notifier/index.html). 

It can be imported from the Slack provider package and used with any `*_callback` function:

<CodeBlock language="python">{slack_notifier_example_dag}</CodeBlock>

The DAG above has one task sending a notification to Slack. It uses a Slack [Airflow connection](connections.md) with the connection ID `slack_conn`.

![Slack notification](/img/guides/slack_notification.png)

:::info

> You can find a full list of all notifiers created for Airflow providers [here](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers/core-extensions/notifications.html).

Reviewer 2: Should we move this note to the top level notifier intro?
